Before I met you
I have never believed in love
But you are the exception
My history has been disrupted by you
You ignore my confession to you
Treat my feelings like grass
And this really frustrated me.
confession
When did you confess to me?
I'm not impressed at all
We drank together that day
In bed I ask you
Would you like to be my girlfriend?
Have you forgotten?
drink
I thought he was dreaming
I don't know if you really confessed to me
How ridiculous I am!
I like you so much
It's sunset, do you think I'm stupid?
Not stupid not stupid
How can you be stupid?
The stupid one is me
You don't pretend to be affectionate
In fact, I actually liked you a long time ago
I was at that time
This Qin sister is a French designer
Specially designed
For wedding photos, we will take them when Yanjing is free.
Jing is usually very busy
You are a sensible person and should be able to understand her.
Hey, what are you doing?
I'm not going to talk to him about wedding photos
Grandpa, please understand my grandpa too.
Don't be angry.
Don't hurt the peace between you and your grandson because of me.
Don't step in front of my grandfather
Even if I talk nonsense about your pregnancy and abortion
Grandpa will know in the future
Instead of thunderstorms in the future
Why don't I pay you off first?
Really?
He listened to him.
It's all true.